lol that is so true.
lol that is wild.
lol that is hilarious.
lol that was insane.
honestly i dont even know what to say.
honestly this whole week has been a lot.
honestly the more i think about it the more i agree.
ngl that idea is kind of fire.
ngl i was thinking the same thing earlier.
ngl im kind of obsessed with this song right now.
ngl that take is hot but it is so true.
wow that is actually crazy.
wow ok i did not expect that.
wow they really pulled it off huh.
oh i forgot to tell you about that.
oh that reminds me i need to send you something later.
oh wait you saw that too right.
oh no i totally meant to reply last night sorry.
i was about to say the same thing actually.
i need to find a way to wrap this up before the weekend.
i feel like i have been so behind on sleep lately.
i feel you on that one for real.
i feel like the week is just dragging today.
i think im gonna call it for the night.
i think we should probably move it to next week.
i think the food was actually decent for the price.
i think it is finally starting to slow down a little.
yeah that tracks with everything else they have done.
yeah i saw that on my feed earlier today.
yeah that was a long day for sure.
yeah i totally get what you are saying.
omg wait that is so cute.
omg please send me a picture when you get there.
omg you have to tell me everything when you are back.
btw did you ever hear back from them about the thing.
btw the new place opens this weekend i wanna go.
btw remind me to grab coffee tomorrow morning.
tbh i think we both kind of dropped the ball on this.
tbh that movie was actually pretty good.
tbh i was not feeling it at first but it grew on me.
imo the second one is way better than the first.
imo we should just wait and see how it plays out.
ok so here is what i was thinking we could do.
ok so the plan is we leave around six and grab dinner.
ok so apparently they want us to come in early monday.
wait what are you doing right now.
wait did you just say you are going there next week.
wait that is not what i meant at all sorry.
wait is it really that late already wow.
so are we still on for saturday.
so what did they end up saying about the schedule.
so i was thinking we could try that new place tomorrow.
so apparently the meeting got pushed back again.
the food was actually pretty good for the price honestly.
the movie was kind of slow but the ending was fire.
the meeting ended up being shorter than i expected.
the weather has been weird all week to be honest.
the song has been stuck in my head all morning.
the trip ended up being so much fun even with the rain.
the new place is opening downtown next month i think.
that is exactly what i was thinking when i read it.
that is actually really helpful thank you.
that is the funniest thing i have seen all week.
this song is on repeat for me today.
this whole situation is just exhausting at this point.
this is way harder than i thought it would be honestly.
this is actually kind of perfect for what we needed.
my brother said the exact same thing yesterday.
my mom keeps asking when we are coming to visit.
my friend just sent me the funniest video.
my schedule has been packed lately so i forget things.
work has been a lot this week but its almost friday.
work is finally slowing down a little thank god.
school starts next week and i am not mentally ready.
school is going ok i just need a break already.
home is so quiet without everyone here this week.
home cooking always hits different on a sunday night.
dinner was really good last night you should try it.
dinner is going to be at like seven if that works.
lunch break is the only thing keeping me going today.
breakfast was a whole event this morning lol.
coffee is the only reason i am functional right now.
coffee tomorrow morning before work sounds great.
the weekend is going by way too fast as usual.
the weekend is finally here and i can sleep in.
saturday is wide open if you want to grab food.
sunday is my reset day so i am keeping it chill.
monday hit me harder than usual this week ngl.
friday is the only day i look forward to anymore.
let me know what time works best for you.
let me know if you need anything from the store later.
let me know how it goes i wanna hear all about it.
just got back home and i am so tired.
just finished work and i could sleep for ten hours.
just woke up and im already exhausted somehow.
just remembered i never replied to that email oops.
gonna call it a night soon i think.
gonna grab food in a bit you want anything.
gonna head out the door in like five minutes.
sounds good to me i will be there.
sounds like a plan let me grab my keys.
sounds awesome i am so down for that.
sounds great let me know when you get here.
sure i can do that no problem at all.
sure that works for me i will be ready.
maybe we could try that new spot on the corner.
maybe later this week if you are free.
honestly i could not agree more with you.
i was literally just thinking that same thing.
i was thinking we could meet up around three.
i was hoping to catch you before you left for the day.
have you been to that new cafe yet by any chance.
have you tried the new flavor they just got in.
did you see the message i sent earlier this morning.
did you ever finish that show we were talking about.
do you wanna grab dinner sometime this week.
do you think they will reschedule the whole thing.
not gonna lie that sounds amazing right now.
not gonna lie i was kind of dreading today honestly.
kind of feels like the year is flying by.
kind of wish we had more time but oh well.
sort of feels like everyone is busier than usual.
super excited to finally have a free weekend.
super tired today but i pushed through it.
really hope the weather stays nice for the weekend.
really need to start sleeping earlier tbh.
gonna try to be in bed before midnight tonight.
gonna make a list of everything before i forget again.
im kind of obsessed with that song you sent me.
im just chilling at home tonight nothing planned.
im so ready for this week to be over already.
im about to head out so i will text you later.
went to that cafe earlier and it was really good.
went on a walk earlier and the weather was perfect.
saw your message just now sorry for the late reply.
saw a really good movie last weekend you should watch it.
got the groceries finally and we are good for the week.
got home a little while ago and im just relaxing now.
the kids were running around like crazy all afternoon.
the meeting ran way over again as usual.
the line was honestly not that bad for a friday.
the food court at the mall is always packed at lunch.
ok well i should probably get going soon i think.
ok i need to actually start getting ready now lol.
alright i will catch you later have a good one.
alright im about to log off for the night gn.
catch you later let me know if anything changes.
talk to you tomorrow have a good night.
night im finally gonna get some sleep.
night thanks for the chat that was nice.
